Replace old links with forum links (#251)
ansible/docsite: README.md

Join the Ansible community and help us build a better user experience for the docsite.

> We talk about Ansible documentation on the [Ansible Community Forum](https://forum.ansible.com/tag/documentation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We talk about Ansible documentation on the [Ansible Forum](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/community/communication.html#forum).
```
I would suggest always referring to the communication guide in such cases as the main and only source of truth + it provides some important context
And it's not community anymore;)

Author: Two comments:
1 - that docs page doesn't include the specific working group details, so we need to point to the forum tag directly.
2. The more forum links we use, the higher our forum results show up on Google and other searches.

You're welcome to join us, discuss the Ansible docs, and share your thoughts.

> The Ansible community docs group (the DaWGs) meets every Tuesday (see [the Ansible Forum Events calendar](https://forum.ansible.com/t/documentation-working-group-meeting/7229)) for details on how to add agenda items to the DaWGs meeting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Ansible community docs group (the DaWGs) meets every Tuesday. See [the Ansible Forum Events calendar](https://forum.ansible.com/t/documentation-working-group-meeting/7229) for the agenda and details on how to adding your own items to the DaWGs meeting.
```
